c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\Pizzeria grupo.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\Pizzeria grupo.StaticWebAssets.xml
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Properties\launchSettings.json
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.exe
C:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.deps.json
C:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.runtimeconfig.json
C:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.pdb
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.dll
c:\curso\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.pdb
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\Pizzeria grupo.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\Pizzeria grupo.StaticWebAssets.xml
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Properties\launchSettings.json
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.exe
C:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.deps.json
C:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.pdb
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.dll
c:\Curso\Pizzeria-grupo-master\Pizzeria-grupo\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Pizzeria grupo.pdb
